I know the North and the South
made a deal,
but we never know
how things will turn out and when.
You know that, right?
Of course, ma'am.
So the ANSP director's daughter…
hid you in this dorm?
Yes.
Since you're indebted to her, it must
be bothering you. I understand that.
But don't let
your personal feelings ruin our mission.
I never had any personal feelings for her.
I'm relieved to hear that.
The hostage situation
hadn't been in the news all this time,
but the news about it just broke out.
And my face has been disclosed.
Will we really be able
to go back alive in ten days?
Comrade Lim Soo-ho.
Are you worried about that
or doubting the party?
I'm not doubting the party's orders.
I just don't trust the ANSP.
As I told you,
last time we followed
the instructions and went out there,
they sprayed us with bullets to kill us.
If what you're saying is true, it means
they stabbed the party in the back.
Would the party really have
negotiated with such backstabbers again?
Then…
let me ask you one thing.
Why in ten days?
You seriously don't know?
A veteran spy like you who's been
acting in covert all over Germany?
That's a bomb, isn't it?
They said they'd release more of us,
but aren't they going to just kill us all?
There you go again.
Don't jump to conclusions.
They wouldn't dare.
The army is surrounding this place.
Wait. Where's Yeong-ro?
What if they took only her somewhere safe?
Keep it down.
He took her out of here in secret.
Stop talking nonsense.
Get back to sleep.
Even when they tried
to kill the doctor by the window,
he desperately tried
to save Yeong-ro first.
I saw it with my own eyes!
Gye Bun-ok.
I bet even if all of us here are killed,
he'll still try to save Yeong-ro.
It's already been two hours.
They must've released her. Right?
Of course not.
She passed out.
After hearing that her brother died during
an engagement with a Northern spy boat.
Her brother died?
I feel so bad for her.
-Oh, no.
-Poor Yeong-ro.
Honey.
What are you doing here?
The guests are coming.
It's all my fault.
I'm the one who got him killed.
That's not your fault.
When you sent him to the front lines,
you were in a crisis because of the Campus
Stabilization Act. You had no choice.
On top of that, he protested
against the government.
Very enthusiastically, at that.
I was so worried
that you might get on Code 1's bad side.
Honey.
I know it's really hard for you,
but our Yeong-u
bravely sacrificed his life
for our country and people while
fighting against spies from the North.
If only it weren't for Operation Phoenix…
If Code 1 finds out
you blame the operation for it,
you'll be doomed!
Now that the operation has failed,
if you're pushed out,
what about Yeong-ro?